LICENSE AGREEMENT
=======================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement Compliance
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Please read this license agreement carefully. This is a legally binding 
agreement between James Anderson Jr. (the “original author”, “author”, 
and “licensor”), and you (“you”, “your”), acting as an individual, or 
if applicable, on behalf of another individual or entity, under lawful 
authorization.

By you downloading and continuing to use the “Perfect Error Documents” 
(“PED”) online script (this “web application”), you agree to comply 
with, and be bound by, the terms and conditions (“terms”) set forth in 
this license agreement (“agreement”), and to the extent that you are 
acting on behalf of another individual or entity, that you have the 
lawful authority to bind such individual or entity, under the terms 
of this agreement. If you do not agree with ALL of the terms and 
conditions of this license agreement, please, do not purchase, 
download, install, and/or use this web application. You have not become 
a licensee of this web application, and you are not authorized to 
install and/or use, this web application, unless you agree to, and 
continually comply with, the terms and conditions set forth in this 
license agreement.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Redistribution & Use
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Redistribution and use, of this web application, in all forms, with, 
or without, modification, is permitted, provided that the following 
conditions are met:

* You must NOT remove, or obscure, the discreet royalty-attribution 
  statements, and/or backlinks, included as HTML comments, in the 
  source-code of the PHP pages included in this web application.

* Redistributions, in any, and all, forms, must be accompanied by 
  information on how to obtain complete source-code for this web 
  application, and any accompanying application that uses this web 
  application. The source-code must either be included in the 
  distribution, or be available for no more than the cost of 
  distribution, plus a nominal fee, and must be freely redistributable 
  under reasonable conditions. For an executable file, complete 
  source-code means the source-code for all modules it contains. 
  It does not include source-code for modules or files that typically 
  accompany the major components of the operating system on which the 
  file runs.

* Neither the name of this web application, nor the name(s) or 
  likeness(es) of its author(s), contributor(s), or licensor(s) may be 
  used to endorse, and/or promote products derived from this web 
  application, without explicit prior written consent.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS WEB APPLICATION, THE “PERFECT ERROR DOCUMENTS” (“PED”) ONLINE 
SCRIPT, USUALLY AVAILABLE (WITHOUT ANY CERTAINTIES OR GUARANTEES) 
ONLINE AT THE PERFECTERRORDOCS.COM WEBSITE, IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, AND 
ANY EXPRESSED, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT 
SHALL JAMES ANDERSON JR. (THE WEB APPLICATIONS AUTHOR, AND CURRENT 
RIGHTS BEARER), HIS AGENTS, OR ANY OF HIS CONTRIBUTORS, OR LICENSORS 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, 
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING, IN ANY WAY, OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WEB 
APPLICATION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Without limiting the foregoing, James Anderson Jr. and any, and all, 
of his agents, contributors, licensors, and authorized assignees make 
no warranty that: 

* this web application will meet your requirements.

* this web application will be error-free, and/or bug-free.

* the results that may be obtained from the use of this web 
  application, will be effective, accurate, or reliable.

* the quality of this web application will meet your expectations.

* any errors, or bugs in the web application, obtained from the 
  PERFECTERRORDOCS.COM website, or the “PED” GitHub project page 
  will be corrected.

James Anderson Jr., and any and all of his agents, contributors, 
licensors, and authorized assignees assume no responsibility for any 
errors, or omissions in the web application, or in any documentation, 
that may be made available, in the future, or at present, from the 
PERFECTERRORDOCS.COM website or the “PED” GitHub project page.

The use of any web application, downloaded through the 
PERFECTERRORDOCS.COM website, is done at your own discretion, and 
risk, and with total agreement that you will be solely responsible for 
any damage to your computer(s), server(s), and/or network(s), or loss 
of data, that results from such activities. No advice, or information, 
whether oral, or written, obtained by you, from the 
PERFECTERRORDOCS.COM website, or James Anderson Jr., and/or his 
agents, contributors, licensors and authorized assignees shall 
create any warranty, for any product, purchased, or downloaded, 
from the PERFECTERRORDOCS.COM website.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Modifications, Revisions and Amendments
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

James Anderson Jr. (the “licensor”, “author”, and “current rights 
bearer” of this web application) reserves the right to change, modify, 
revise, alter, and/or amend this agreement, in whole, or in part, at 
any time, and for any reason.

However, without limiting the foregoing, there shall be only 
(1) official license agreement per version release of this web 
application. Should the latest version of this license agreement be 
changed, modified, revised, altered, and/or amended in the future, 
after you have already acquired your copy of this web application, you 
shall only be required to agree to, be bound by, and continually 
comply with, the version of the license agreement originally 
distributed with your copy of this web application. You shall NOT be 
bound by the terms of a later version of this license agreement unless 
you acquire a copy of this web application regulated under that 
agreement.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Questions & Inquiries
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Please forward all questions, inquires, and feedback to the proper 24/7 
email account, as outlined below:

General Inquiries:  			info@perfecterrordocs.com

Sales & Customer Support:		cs@perfecterrordocs.com

Feedback & Comments:			cfb@perfecterrordocs.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright © 2019 James Anderson Jr.

Support Inquires: cs@perfecterrordocs.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------------